well howdy there internet people let's
bow again so tonight we're gonna talk
about an idea it's very commonly held
ideal we think we may want to examine it
a little bit because the idea is that
the GOP the Grand Old Party well they
will always support the troops they will
back the troops no matter what the
Republicans will back the troops but is
there any truth to that and we hear it
all the time but is there any truth to
that
I mean sure sometimes I mean they make a
spectacle about it
occasionally y'all remember that
incident in Africa US service people out
there on what we would just say let's
just call it an unpublicized operation
they weren't supposed to be out there
overnight but they were pretty bad
planning on the whole thing they had no
air support and it started to go bad
when it first started wasn't a huge deal
just a few opposition fighters on
motorcycles and they pushed them back
past the burning building into that
massive onslaught fighting lasted hours
and when it was over they were stripped
and left there in the dirt
then there were hearings about it right
no there weren't right now I imagine you
probably think I'm talking about
Benghazi I'm not talking about the Tongo
Tongo ambush the what exactly very
similar scenarios extremely similar
scenarios but one guy hearings
closed-door hearings sham hearings I
guess is what we would call them today
the other one well I think what was it
what was the president accused saying
they know what they signed up for he
knew what he signed up for something
like that one got turned into a circus
yellow and got nothing
the differences who was in power Tongo
Tongo happened under trump and gauzy
happen under obama today there was a
bipartisan bill would help women
veterans in a head sport but all of a
sudden the republicans wanted to add
some amendments to it there at the end
and democrats weren't having it so the
republicans stormed out walked out
without voting because they don't
actually care about the veterans it
would have helped they wanted to
politicize this was something everybody
supported and understand the amendments
that they wanted to add from where I'm
sitting
they probably something need to be
talked about but do you care so little
about us veterans that you would risk
appending the whole thing because you
can't get everything you want it sounds
a little crazy to me but they did create
that whistleblower protection office
there in the VA which as we have come to
find out does the exact opposite didn't
protect whistleblowers in fact their
names were not shielded and that they
suffered repercussions because they
talked about it because the truth is
they don't care about the treatment of
veterans that's not something they care
about what they care about is making it
look like they did something so they
wanted to stop those stories from coming
out sounds a lot like what's going on on
the national stage right now but this
was just in the VA I actually remember
that whole little ceremony the Trump put
on when he did this because it was his
campaign promise he was going to fix the
VA no all he did was shut him up
so we couldn't hear about
don't actually fix the problems you know
they took money from DoD to build that
stupid wall apparently taking money from
foreign governments of renting renting
the troops out like their Ryder trucks
stabbed our allies and our friends in
the back commander-in-chief does and
then the Republicans in Congress come
along and grab the knife and go hide it
for him make it seem like it wasn't a
big deal
and then today Lieutenant Colonel Purple
Heart recipient he's called a spy
working working with the NSC and they
had the gall to try to slander him have
a liable him because his testimony is
going to be damaging to the president
just like the whistleblower protection
office they don't care about the truth
they don't care about veterans they
don't care about national security they
care about appearances and they're going
to slander and libel a man who gave
decades of his life to this country all
to protect Trump
the funny thing about calling him a spy
is that he was actually able to pass the
background checks that Trump's team
couldn't so is it true I don't know
recent actions seem to suggest otherwise
maybe they don't really support the
troops maybe that's not the party for
the veterans you know aside from that
the only other thing veterans seem to
universally care about are gun rights
and the reality is that in three years
president Trump has placed more
restrictions on firearms then Obama did
in eight I mean what did Obama do
expanded concealed carry to national
parks and put a bunch of surplus 1911's
on the market gasp yeah he's the gun
grabber everybody made him out to be and
then he got Trump as his attorney
general wandering Capitol Hill trying to
find out what kind of gun control they
could pass maybe you should stop
listening to the talking points and
actually look at what they do
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night